Remember me services have become essential for a good user experience.
You may already be getting tired of logging in as many
times as we have throughout this course.
Remember me services apply a cookie in the app to
verify that we are who we say we are.
And as long as the user allows cookies,
your app doesn't require you to continually log in. We're going to have
to add a few pieces to do this though. We're going to have to modify
our UI, change our security configuration, and add a table to our
database that it will go back and reference to see that that cookie is
in fact still valid from a login perspective. Let's start by looking at the front end.